apples = Äpfel
apricots = Aprikosen
asparagus = Spargel
aubergine = Aubergine
beet = Rote Bete
blueberries = Heidelbeeren
brambles = Brombeeren
broccoli = Brokkoli
brussels-sprouts = Rosenkohl
cabbage = Kohl
carrots = Karotten
cauliflower = Blumenkohl
celery = Staudensellerie
cherries = Kirschen
corn = Mais
corn-salad = Feldsalat
cucumber = Gurke
curly-kale = Grünkohl
currants = Johannisbeeren
endive = Chicorée
fennel = Fenchel
grapes = Weintrauben
kohlrabi = Kohlrabi
leek = Lauch
lettuce = Kopfsalat
mirabelles = Mirabellen
onions = Zwiebeln
paprika = Paprika
pears = Birne
peas = Erbsen
plums = Zwetschgen
potatoes = Kartoffeln
prunes = Pflaumen
pumpkin = Kürbis
radish = Radieschen
raspberries = Himbeeren
rhubarb = Rhabarber
rocket = Rucola
savoy = Wirsingkohl
scorzonera = Schwarzwurzeln
snow-pea = Zuckerschoten
spinach = Spinat
strawberries = Erdbeeren
string-beans = Grüne Bohnen
tomatoes = Tomaten
water-melon = Wassermelonen
white-mushrooms = Champignons
zucchini = Zucchini
